Oversee full project lifecycle for 2015 product development goal attainment, leveraging agile project methodologies as well as history of business administrative management and entrepreneurial skills to meet deliverable objectives for this IT cloud services provider. Identify and implement priorities, logistics, and timelines to meet goals for product program launch. Determine and oversee key drivers and collaborate with key teams to automate new product deliverables. Orchestrate integration projects to comply with corporate goals for IBM initiatives; handle compliance considerations. Determine project parameters to control risk and optimize communications with stakeholders. Track, analyze, and report on results, quarterly goals, progress, and time estimates; document and convey lessons-learned to inform development of project/product forecasts; and align projected customer demands with key project change-management methodologies. Identify constraints and remove progress blockers; coordinate cross-silo communications. Present demos on new features and dashboards for product development goals.

Selected Projects:

 Adeptly direct concept-to-completion product lifecycle implementations to meet and surpass client goals while handling rigorous documentation guidelines for innovative and integration projects.

 Foster process allowing customers to review product mapping by implementing services /product from external vendor / service provider.

 Direct and oversee end-to-end completion for highly competitive projects in cloud security for innovative product development goals such as Openstack, Platform hardening, and Key management.

 Maintained pace by spearheading HR staffing to expand team from 7 to 24 to meet product development goals.

***

I am a participant observer, a researcher, an ethnographer, a translator, a listener, an analyzer, and an interpreter of human behavior. I find out the how and why behind the what.

I believe the answer can be a simple one even in our complicated world. We just need to know how to seek it out and to be able understand what we've found when we get there.

I have nearly 20 years of experience in technology, focusing on helping people, from hardware support to software design and everything in between. My academic background is in anthropology and information science focusing on technical design, human computer interaction, cognitive psychology, and social informatics. Everything I've done rests on the intersection of people and technology and finding ways the two can be mutually beneficial to one another.